### A Real World Example

To understand what that means, let's review the classic Singleton example: A Logger.

The purpose of a Logger is to make a record of a program's runtime behavior.
This is typically done by writing important information to a text file.
Here is what the content of a video game's log file might look like:



By reading the logger's output we can piece together what went right and wrong during the video game's execution.
We know that the rendering and audio systems were successfully initialized. 
We know that a window was successfully created.
And we also know that the graphic asset `sword.png`  failed to load.

Rendering and audio system initialization?
Window creation?
Graphic asset loading?
It doesn't matter what these different systems do or what their messages mean.
What matters is seeing that all these systems have access to some kind of logging facility.
Or, in other words, the program's logger seem to be either globally available or is capable of being instantiated more than once. [^2]


In the same way that our car having two steering systems created an error when the drivers attempted to drive in different directions, how might our program having multiple instances of a Logger class also be dangerous?

If each instance of the Logger class outputs information to a text file, then what happens when multiple loggers try to write to the same file?
Attempting to access an already open file might, in and of itself, be enough to introduce an error.
Additionally, what if the loggers have been programmed to overwrite the contents of any already existing log file?
And what happens if instead of attempting to access or overwrite an existing log file, each logger creates its own new log file?

The possibilities and oppurtunities for error grow significantly in situations where a class that is expected to , and is allowed to be instantiated multiple times.

The point of the Singleton pattern is to limit a class to a single instance, and provide a global point of access to that instance. 
By doing this it eliminates the 

###